This application will allow multiple users to collaborate and contribute to a global playlist by implementing a client-server infrastructure. First, a server will be set up, allowing multiple clients to connect to it. Once a client is connected, he or she will see the list of songs currently available to the server. Then, one can choose from the list of available songs and request to add the song to the queue. I hope to implement a feature which allows clients to send a music file to the server, adding to the server's library of available songs. The program will create a queue once multiple songs are being requested. 
One client will control the server and have the option of modifying the queue, being able to prioritize a song or entirely delete it from the queue. Additionally, I'll implement an optional shuffle feature for the list of songs in the queue. 
In terms of playing a music file with python, I've gotten the module winsound to work. Though I'd like to try working with a different module as I've recently realized it won't work on non-windows operating systems and seems to only work with .wav files. Other modules to explore include mp3play, which I've gotten to work using python's IDLE.
A user interface will be constructed to make it easy for a client to use the program to add files to a playlist. This program can be applied to a scenario where multiple people are in a car and want to put together a playlist on one laptop or phone which is connected to the speakers. Rather than passing around devices and changing the audio cable around, this program will allow users to comfortably and easily build a playlist to play. If time permits, I'd like to look into using Twilio's API to let someone text in a song request to play a song the server already has. Also, using some Web I/O learned in class, I could implement an option for the server to stream music through spotify, soundcloud, or youtube.
This program is not only limited to sharing and sending song files. The technology could similarly be applied to images, and users can contribute to a slideshow hosted by a server. 